Shen Jiajia, why haven't you come yet?
Yo, isn't this Xiao Junlin?
Why did you divorce me?
Also booked such a high-end western restaurant
It cost you a few months' salary
It has nothing to do with you where I decide.
Did you bring the divorce agreement?
Don't worry, I'm more anxious than you.
A piece of paper wants to take half of my property
Why did I wait for you for three years?
Is it wrong to share the youth compensation fee?
Wait for me for three years
I don't think you've been happy at all these three years
Hahaha, of course.
These three years
I took good care of Jiajia for you
Hahaha, oops, Mr. Wang
I can sign the divorce agreement
It's just that half of my fortune is worth trillions
I signed it, you really dare to take it
Xiao Junlin, your brain is broken, right?
You don't screw in the factory
Earned hundreds of billions
Hahaha bargaining
Don't believe his nonsense
Hurry up and sign this divorce agreement
Never mind that he lied.
They left
I'll buy you fritters later.
Thank you Mr. Wang
Xiao Junlin?
Did you see it?
Look at Mr. Wang
Look at you first
That's called the gap.
Divorce, pay a break
That's all
Your savings?
I really don't like it
Money, I don't want a penny
Ok I can trust
But don't regret it.
I have signed the divorce agreement
From now on, you and I will have nothing to do
Go away, then what are you sitting here waiting for?
Shouldn't you want to drink alone?
Cry all day because of my divorce
I'm just waiting here.
Waiting for you, a stinky migrant worker, what are you waiting for?
Oh, can't it be waiting for your group of workers?
Hahaha, let me tell you!
This place
I'm not happy for you and your bunch of mud legs to drink here
Bragging miss hahaha
Here it is.